Today we woke up before the chicken cawed. We walked to our usual tables to eat our cardboard bread with processed Jelly.
We also ate our usual water filled "oatmeal."
Today we are locked in because an alam went off. #TSO
Well This place sucks because we have to listen to officers-- when we can shower, eat, and sleep.
We also have to PAY to call our loved ones. #15minutecalls #exiledFromTheFreeWorld
Now we have to listen to officers complain about how "annoying" some of us are. I feel officers have favorites when it comes to inmates.
Its locked-in time, its quiet besides the airplane engines roaring through our windows, and inmates from different houses yelling.
Theres no SPA (Suicide Prevention Aid) on the teir. The mice are out #MiceDoingSPA
The most unsanitary place to hold the youth.
One Determines Your Life without Knowing you or nearly seeing you-- the judge!
Am I a criminal because of my childish mistakes? People change give the youth a chance.
Have you ever been chased by 30 people at once
Where's the millions?
The correctional officers are incarcerated with us. They work triples, go home to sleep, come right back.
Money is just money you have to love what you do to be truly happy.
Trying to move forward and not dwell on time.
He said, "They tell me I'm 30 years old, but I'm 17."
F*** I woke up in the morning like damn I got to wash my clothes this morning.
I went to court yesterday and I was kinda upset because the judge offered me 1-3 years #SMH
The same as everyday. Played ball in the gym.
Almost got bit breaking up a dog fight.
Jail is like a camp.
bread jelly milk spaghetti + meatballs fried fish oatmeal coffee creamer peanut butter: certain foods doesnt taste good #Rikersisnthome
played regular uno after the gym
another inmate, another dollar
Day to day dreams, thinking about the world on the other side.
The days move on as it feels like the earth stands still.
The food and games are such a delight / that you leave in the day and return in the night.
The nightmare rehappens incarceration in a cell. When we'll come out, we will never tell.
The breakout of fights are like a combustion of pimples. It brings us down in character.
you will never know true misery till you loose the most priceless thing given to men: thats freedom
every saint has a past but every sinner has a future
my fate is in the hands of a judge who never been in my shoes
I went to a dirtyass cell waiting to go to court and see the Judge and they were talking about sentencing me #SMH
The fish I ate yesterday almost broke my tooth
He said, "I have twenty eight stitches in my back."
He said, "We need a hurricane to get a breeze."
these shoes that they give me in here are very uncomfortable.
some of the food here moves on its own. #imhungry
it sound like im in a zoo with all of the birds chirping.
some of the officers here call us animalescents.
its like were robots doing repetitive things day by day.
after a while i begin to call my cell my room #whatshome
watching planes fly by inspires me to fly over my obstacles.#notoveryet
surviving on my own makes me think of my parents and our talks #amiamannow?
Can't remember the dreams I have at night, but when I'm awake I pray the police stop murdering my people.
I don't normally dream at night.
dreamt he was a cat! (w/ one leg)
I dream of fresh air & New Mexico #ifihadamil
Quietly MIA in the war on the way our 3rd world democracy [I'm not sure if this is what's actually written...-Zainab]
Is it better to be off the grid or on the grid?
turnning people into data
hot potato hot patato
I dreamed I was falling and walking
Google my name my free
If i had a millions dollars it would be a dream come true..
Playing ball, I make a fancy move but missed the shot #soembarrasing #funny
FaceTime my future
Crossed over on the court, looked fly, then missed the shot. dang #funnyrikers
baby ate my homework
Google translates my Spanish homework #com___ do good [the underscore is stuff I couldn't read]
fell off a roof, bounced right back up. Trampoline dreams #rikersdreaming
bounce bounce bounce #rikersdreaming
third world democracy
I need a haircut #dreams
Natthen is worst movie I saw.
Had a dream ex girl gotten eaten by a monster. called to check up on her #HAVEAHEART
If i had one million dollars i'd skydive with oprah #oprahwins
Though im in jail i still want to be a chef #BigDreams
Woke up wishing it was pancakes and eggs but it was hard bread and jelly with school milk.
That movie candycandy has a alesson behind it. "A family can be built anywhere
If i had a million $ i would bail myself out #getmehome #ifihadamil
watched somebody slip on water from a flooded cell #funny
If i had a million dollars it wouldn't be enough
If i had million dollars, I'd buy  everyone a Bre____
If i had million dollars I'd pay rent in a random community for a month or id create a fund to allow international travel, blind or ___
Chicken or segal's? #RikersisntHome #Horriblefood
Department of Corrections or Department of Courption? 
#Arewealljustanumber? #statistic #MoneyoverMatter #Justanotherdollar
Who am I?
Does Our Past Determine & Deprive Our Future...?
The voices of the night are like a room full of politices
God forgives courts don't!
I didn't know water bug fly!
The world is a Jail are we really free?
Those who lack intellect and in-Dept learning lose to the system
Jail make us feel deprived and cause vagueness-- lacking definite form or character
I'm not playing with guns no more
#pythoninprison
our program worked on the first ty!!
covered more in class today than we did in 3 weeks of high school AP CS
"This sandwich is the newest thing all week!"
Brought some Dunkin Donuts for everybody Saturday morning
Tyrique: Viral video maker part-time coder.
They ain't ready for us, man.
#WherestheSympathy
We read some bell hooks together w the Columbia group-- wonder if we should be reading it w the young ppl @ Rikers too?
Remembering the writers that moved me at 16 + 17: Audre Lord, bell hooks, Judith Butler, James Baldwin, Assata Shakur, Malcolm X
#RikersReadingGroup after #Rikersbot?
"It's at 6 p.m.? In the night?? Past curfew?!?!!?!"
Girls, drugs, and guns got me here
Some fight for respect  + others fight for survival
Salute me or shoot me
A crip use one phone a blood use the other
A lion helps the sheep grow #righteous king
slashings and fights get you known #browniepoints
jail is a political world
bad is good good is bad
#wheresthesympathy
#childhoodgoneinseconds
#hereforoneyear
Ideally, this bot wouldn't exist because Rikers wouldn't exist. #Rikersisnthome
Young ppl describe Rikers as a place that is just as 'normal' as it is violent--a normal that expects them to return. #Rikersisnthome
Part of the youth programming includes training and befriending dogs. #Rikersisnthome
Several cats live at the first checkpoint entering the island. They have houses on the patio, & their houses have open doors. #RikersForADay
Poster of Harriet Tubman hangs in classroom. Wonder how this is coherent with the logic of a jail. #RikersForADay
Volunteered @ Rikers hoping to learn from and w/ a group of young people who are often acknowledged and ignored for all the wrong reasons
All the textbooks remind me of my middle school and early high school days.
I sat in chairs just like this when I was in high school.
All the birds outside the windows make it so hard to hear anything.
Didn't expect some of the COs to be so playful...
Seems like some friendships have formed among the young ppl. Wonder if they last...how long?
Education at its best? Let's start by taking young ppl out of jail cells and barbwired walls
Every Saturday I walk in here knowing I'll get to leave in just a few hours. Could my temporary presence be painful?
#RikersIsntHome
#WeHaveAFuture
#KnowMyPast
#StrivingForChange
#TrappedInMyThoughts
#AnotherChance
#EveryInmateAnotherDollar
#RikersNoEsMiCasa
Our voices must be heard by the world of positive and negative activity. 
We can make better choices.
How do people see us?
We are still young.
Follow to hear our stories.
We won't hack your account.
wishing i can go home and sleep in my own bed
Salute me or shoot me
Dont pay rent give'em all your strength
Be yourself dont be a follower
Now that i walk the prison its the hall of fame-
How can the judges manage to give us time when they dont know us
Survive from your mistakes
Follow your heart it can take you places you need to be
You got people that depend on you, so you cant give up
Positive mind so you won't do the CRIME or TIME ! ! !
when will be my time to shine? #patience
what will be my future?
watch what words you say,you speak your future.
will i ever meet friends whereever i end up in life? #ItsAllAboutFate
your locked up but the cellbars dont last forever
it temporary for a season get ya mind right! #Home$oon
Do the time,dont let the time do you.
never show your real emotion.
they cant keep you forever youll be home one day#HaveHope
looking for juliet...#NotHereThough :')
i want to go home now!
