Chicken or segal's? #RikersisntHome #Horriblefood

#Department of Corrections or Department of Courption? 

#Arewealljustanumber? #statistic #MoneyoverMatter #Justanotherdollar

Who am I? 

Does Our Past Determine & Deprive Our Future...? 

The voices of the night are like a room full of politices

God forgives courts don't!

I didn't know water bug fly!

The world is a Jail are we really free? 

Those who lack intellect and in-Dept learning lose to the system

Jail make us feel deprived and cause vagueness-- lacking definite form or character

I'm not playing with guns no more

#pythoninprison

our program worked on the first ty!!

covered more in class today than we did in 3 weeks of high school AP CS

"This sandwich is the newest thing all week!" 

Brought some Dunkin Donuts for everybody Saturday morning

Tyrique: Viral video maker part-time coder. 

"They ain't ready for us, man."

#WherestheSympathy

We read some bell hooks together w the Columbia group-- wonder if we should be reading it w the young ppl @ Rikers too? 

Remembering the writers that moved me at 16 + 17: Audre Lord, bell hooks, Judith Butler, James Baldwin, Assata Shakur, Malcolm X

#RikersReadingGroup after #Rikersbot? 

"It's at 6 p.m.? In the night?? Past curfew?!?!!?!" 

Girls, drugs, and guns got me here

Some fight for respect  + others fight for survival

Salute me or shoot me

A crip use one phone a blood use the other

A lion helps the sheep grow #righteous king

slashings and fights get you known #browniepoints

jail is a political world

bad is good good is bad

#wheresthesympathy
#childhoodgoneinseconds
#hereforoneyear

Ideally, this bot wouldn't exist because Rikers wouldn't exist. #Rikersisnthome

Young ppl describe Rikers as a place that is just as 'normal' as it is violent--a normal that expects them to return. #Rikersisnthome

Part of the youth programming includes training and befriending dogs. #Rikersisnthome

Several cats live at the first checkpoint entering the island. They have houses on the patio, & their houses have open doors. #RikersForADay

Poster of Harriet Tubman hangs in classroom. Wonder how this is coherent with the logic of a jail. #RikersForADay

Volunteered at Rikers hoping to learn from and with a group of young people who are often acknowledged and ignored for all the wrong reasons. 

All the textbooks remind me of my middle school and early high school days.

I sat in chairs just like this when I was in high school.

All the birds outside the windows make it so hard to hear anything.

Didn't expect some of the COs to be so playful...

Seems like some friendships have formed among the young ppl. Wonder if they last...how long?

Education at its best? Let's start by taking young ppl out of jail cells and barbwired walls

Every Saturday I walk in here knowing I'll get to leave in just a few hours. Could my temporary presence be painful?

The last Saturday and not much coding has been achieved...*sigh*
